# 2018-08-21 WTX Meeting
## Date and Time: Tue Aug 21, 2018 - 10:00am - 11:00am
## Location: Ellison 6840

## Description:
WTX Monthly meeting.

### Current WTX Co-Chairs:
* Aaron Martin
* Brian Wolf

## Attendees:
Joshua M., Aaron M., Guylene G., Denise S., Gary S., Brian W.

## Agenda:
* co-chair elections
  * Had an email mention about that
  * Think we touched on that at one of the meetings
  * Overdue
     * Do we want to shift them from the new year time frame?  Always busy just before holidays, harder to meet, etc...
  * Brian's term was officially up as of Jan
* Welcome new members
  * Joshua Maddux - https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuakmaddux/
    * CEO https://www.95visual.com - a Drupal Development company based in Santa Clarita
    * Designed and built TMP departmental website - https://tmp.ucsb.edu
* Status of list migration to google groups
  * wtx@it.ucsb.edu proposed by SL
* ReactJS group report
  * summary of activities from last meeting
  * next scheduled meeting?
* LSCG (BW) now has a distro of their Drupal 8 Lab framework
  * Managing/Maintaining a drupal 8 install
    * strategies to manage such a distro 
    * how to update/upgrade distro on production sites as framework is further deved.

## Notes:
* github v bitbucket discussion JM and AM
* Invited guest: JM
  * Introductions - departments + specialties
* OS Discussions - flavors of linux - discussions of pedigrees
  * parrot os - debian variant
  * Fedora v Redhat v CentOS 
  * Ubuntu 
* Various discussions of history and approach to various problems within UCSB
  * GUS - shadow accounting system
  * Institutional/Academic v Research v Administrative/Business 
* UCCSC - quick report from DS
  * 700 Attendees (UC Davis)
  * UCCSC 2019 will be held at UCSB
  * might be rename UC Tech Conference ???
  * Several UCSB presenters:
    * Steve Miley
    * Gary Fix
    * Noah Spahn - Supporting legacy apps
* Pantheon
  * UCSB training - Next week
  * discussion of Pantheon hosting
    * Solid for many things
    * dev workflows can be trickier
    * cant get at underpinnings and such at all
    * if a pantheon template is used, exporting site inherits lots of extra pantheon stuff
      * sorta vendor lock-in, but understandable
      * useful items, but complicated to decouple
* D8 adoption and Evolution
  * UC Merced avoiding adoption for 3-5 years
  * Various changes that have broken things pretty badly
* Training
  * Siteimprove demo today
  * Slack - React Channel 
  * Meetup - various, Sept 10, 6:30 at Paseo Nuevo - Redux 
  * Context API
* LSCG package/distro of it's framework
  * want to discuss maintenance/management especially for new goodies
    * Possibly use Features

## Links:
* https://github.com/UCSantaBarbara/JsWorkingGroupDemo - Last weeks React efforts

## Additional Information:
This page initially generated from a template using `wtx` python script available in this repo.
